doc(release): add release note for centreon-autodiscovery-20.10.5 (#1417)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-20.10/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon Auto Discovery

### 20.10.5

> Release date: `null`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: `April 1, 2022`
```

#### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue that caused Service Discovery scans to fail because the wrong message was caught.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused Service Discovery scans to fail because the wrong message was caught
```

> - Fixed an issue that prevented from saving credentials with more than 512 characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that made it impossible to save credentials with more than 512 characters
```

#### Security fixes

> - Fixed a SQL injection issue  in Service Discovery rules management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an SQL injection issue in Service Discovery rules management
```
